none of your business none of your business none of your business none of your business none of you business rudely rudely rudely rudely rudely rudely 
rudely where did the writer go last week?
He went to the theatre
Why din't he enjoy the pay?
Because he could not hear the actors.
he couldn't hear the actors.
What did the young man say to the writer?
He said "It's none of your business, this is a private conversion"
Last week I went to the theater. I had a very good seat. The pay was very interesting. I did not enjoy it. A young man and a young woman were sitting behind me. They were talking loudly. I got very angry. I could not hear the actors. I turned round. I looked at the man and the woman angrily. They did not pay any attention. In the end, I could not bear it. I truned round again. "I can't hear a word!" I said angrily. "It's none of your business," the young man said rudely. "This is a private conversion!"
What was the weather like last Sunday?
The weather was very bad. It was lunchtime, but was dark outside. and it's raining.
Who was coming to see the writer?
His aunt Lucy.
Why was the writer's aunt surpised?
Because it's lunchtime, but the writer still having breakfast.
It was Sunday. I never get up early on Sundays. I sometimes stay in bed util lunchtime. Last Sunday I got up very late. I looked out of the window. It was dark outside. "What a day!" I thought. "It's raining again. " Just then, the telephone rang. It was my aunt Lucy. "I've just arrived by train, " she said. "I'm come to see you. " "But I'm still having breakfast. " I said. "What are you doing?" she asked. "I'm having breakfast, " I repeated. "Dear me. " she said. "Do you always get up to late？It's one o'clock!"
seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom seldom
spoil spoil 
Where did the writer spend his holidays last summer?
He spent his holidays in Italy last summer.
Why didn't he enjoy his holidays?
Because he thought about postcards every day.
What did he do on the last day of his holidays?
He made a big decision, he bought thrity-seven cards, and spent the whole day in the room. but he didn't writer a single card!
Postcards always spoil my holidays, Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens. A fridenly waiter taguht me a few words of Italian. Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines.  but I didn't understand a word. Every day I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day, I made a big decision. I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in the room. but I did not writer a single card!
Don't spoil the pleasure.
Don't spoil the pleasure.
You should not spoil your child.
You should not spoil your child.
You should not spoil your child.
You should not spoil your child.
You should not spoil your child.
Don't spoil the pleasure.
You should not spoil your child.
Don't spoil the pleasure.
Don't spoil the pleasure.
You should not spoil your child.
Don't spoil the pleasure.
firm firm firm firm firm firm firm firm firm 
a great number of a great number of 
How long has Tim been in Australia?
Tim has been in Asutralia for six months.
What does he do in Australia?
He is working for a big firm as an engineer.
Why is Tim finding the trip exciting?
Because Tim has never been abroad, so he's finding this trip very exciting.
I have just received a letter from my brother, Tim. He is in Australia. He has been there for sixe months. Tim is an engineer. He is working for a big firm and he as already visited a great number of different place in Austrlia. He has just bought an Australia car and has gone to Alice Springs, a small town in the centre of Auastralia. He will soon visit Darwin. From there, he will fly to Perth. My brother has never been abroad before, so he is finding this trip very exciting.
a great amount of money
go abroad
travel abroad
study abroad
live abroad
Did you find the film disappinting?
I haven't heard from him since then.
I haven't heard from him since then.
I haven't heard from him since then.
The train has not arrived yet.
The train has not arrived yet.
The weather has been good so far.
The weather has been good so far.
garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage garage
pigeon pigeon pigeon pigeon pigeon pigeon pigeon
spare part spare part spare part spare part spare part spare part spare part spare part spare part
postal service  postal service postal  service 
postal postal service postal postal postal postal postal postal postal postal postal service postal postal postal postal postal service postal service 
passenger service passenger service passenger service passenger service passenger service passenger service passenger serivce passenger serivce pick-up and delivery service pick-up and delivery service pick-up and delivery service
What is the problem with Mr.Scott's second garage?
The problem is Mr.Scott cannot get a telephon for his second garage.
Why did he buy pigeons?
Because he want to used the pigeons to carry messages from one garage to the other.
What does "No wrong numbers" mean?
Since Mr.Scott used the pigeons to carry messages, there was no problem of wrong numbers.
Mr.James Scott has a garage in Silbury and now he has just bought another garage in Pinhurst. Pinhurst is only five miles from Silbury, but Mr.Scott cannot get a telephone for his new garage, so he has just bought twelve pigeons. Yesterday, a pigenon carried the first message from Pinhurst to Silbury. The bird  covered the distance in three minutes. Up to now, Mr.Scott has sent a great many requests for spare parts and other urgent messages from one garage to the other. In this way, he has begun his own private telephone service.
a piece of furniture 
a set of furniture
call at call on call by 
detective detective detective
parcel parcel parcel parcel diamond diamond diamond
steal steal steal steal keep guard keep guard
precious precious precious precious precious
precious precious precious precious precious
The plane was late and detectives were waiting at the airport all morning. They were expecting a valueable parcel of diamonds from South Afica. A few hours earlier, someone hed told the police that thieves would by to steal the diamonds. When the plane arrived, some of the detectives were waiting inside the main building while others were waiting on the airfield. Two men took the parcel off the plane and carried it itto the Customs House. While two detectives were keeping guard at the door, two others opened the parcel. To their surprise, the precious parcel was full of stones and sand!
enter for enter for enter for enter for enter for
competition competition competition competition
neat neat neat neat neat neat neat neat neat neat
neat neat wooden bridge wooden gridge wooden gridge
wooden gridge wooden gridge wooden gridge wooden bridge
prize prize prize prize prize prize prize prize prize prize prize prize prize prize prize prize
How is Joe's garden?
Joe's garden is the most beautiful one in our town.
repid repid repidly repid repid repid repid repidly repidly repidly repidly repidly repidly repidly repid He jumped over the fense, He jumped over the fense. He jumped over the fense. fense fense fense 
fence fence fence fence fence fence fence fence fence fence repid repid repid repid repid repid repid fence repid fence fence fence fence fence fence repid repid repid repid repid fence fence repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid fepide repid repide repid
repid repid repid repid fence fence fence fence repid fence fence fence fence fence fence fence fence fence fence fence fence fence
repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repid repidly
He got a pay raise for his hard work.
He got a pay raise for his hard work.
I bought this book for its attractive cover.
I bought this book for its attractive cover.
attractive attractive attractive attractive 
attractive attractiveattractive attractive 
attractive attractive attractive attractive
strike strike strike strike strike strike strike 
strike strike strike strike strike strike
Where did people gather on the last evening of the year?
The tour guide gathered the visitors in the lobby.
I'll be with you in a moment.
deserve deserve deserve deserve deserve 
On my way to work I was caught in a traffic jam.
Can you give me a ride to the airport?
As soon as
I'll call you as soon as I arrive there.
As I have told you, I'm very interested in pop music.
As I have told you, I'm very interested in pop mucic
As we all know, smoking is very harmful
I myself want to read that book
I myself want to read that book
Either of them will do
Neither of the answers is correct
Neither of the answers is correct
I like both of them
Because she will find the writer family are now living in a beautiful new house in the country.
Why will the writer's sister get a surprise when she comes to England next year?
When was the house completed?
It was completed after the writer's sister had left for Nigeria.
It was coompleted after the writer's sister had left for Nigeria.
You are always picking on me
these days Short skirts are in fashion these days
I'm going to visit an old friend one of these days
He's always complaining about something
Do the English speak English?
porter porter porter porter porter porter porter
wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder at last
Where did the writer arrive?
He arrived railway station in London
Why couldn't the writer understand the porter?
Because the porter spoke neither slowly nor clearly
I wonder what will happen next.
I wonder whay the museum is closed today.
No wodner. It's a great wonder.








































